{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red102\green102\blue102;\red17\green17\blue17;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10760\viewh14780\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs84 \cf0 Audiobooker 
\fs36  v1.0
\fs84 \

\fs36 AppleScript for iTunes\
written by David Mundie
\fs24 \
Find more 
\b free
\b0  AppleScripts\
and info on writing your own\
at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/"}}{\fldrslt Doug's AppleScripts for iTunes}}.\
\

\fs36 Convenient, intelligent AppleScript interface for ripping audiobook tracks with iTunes. Features include multiple CD support, intelligent track ordering and user-editable track naming. Excellent for prepping your audiobook tracks for iPod. (Scripters will be interested in its unix-related techniques.)\

\fs24 \

\b This script is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Donationware}}. If you use it and like it 
\i please
\i0  consider making a donation to support my AppleScripting efforts. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/donate.php"}}{\fldrslt Click here}} for more info.
\b0\fs36 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\b\fs24 \cf2 Installation:
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 To manually install: 
\b0 Put AppleScripts in your iTunes Scripts folder. This is located in 
\i \cf3 [user name] > Library > iTunes
\i0 \cf0 . If there is no folder named "Scripts" there, create one and put the script(s) in it. AppleScripts will then appear in iTunes' Script menu, and can be activated by selecting by name and clicking. Be sure to also save this Read Me document in a safe and convenient place.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 How to use:
\b0 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Audiobooks have several characteristics that make ripping them different from ripping music CD's. For one thing, most audiobooks are not in CCDB, so that their metadata must be entered by hand. For another, they consist of multiple CD's where the order of the tracks is crucial, and where the track names should usually be generated automatically based on album name, CD number, and track number - it is pretty confusing to have all the first tracks in all the CD's of an audiobook be named "Track 1". \
\
The audiobooker script provides a convenient interface for ripping audiobooks. It shows the user the current book name, author name, and CD number, and allows that information to be corrected. For example, it might prompt for "Tolstoy, War and Peace, 1". It then imports multiple CD's, placing them all in a playlist named for the book, and numbering the tracks intelligently, using the first word of the title plus the CD and track number. In the example, it will create a playlist named "War and Peace", and name the tracks "War-01-01", "War-01-02", etc. This style of track name facilitates listening to the audiobook on an iPod.\
\
As each CD is finished, the script waits for the user to insert another one before proceeding. The status of the script is stored in a file in the iTunes folder of the user's Application Support folder.\
\
The script illustrates a number of useful techniques: using Unix "mkdir -p" for easy creation of directories (this is quite painful in Applescript itself); waiting for disk insertion; and detecting the Audio CD playlist\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\b \cf2 Helpful Links:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
Click on the underlined URL text:\
\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/"}}{\fldrslt Doug's AppleScripts for iTunes}}\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/shortcutkeys.php"}}{\fldrslt Assign Shortcut Keys to AppleScripts}}\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/itinfo/downloadfaq.php"}}{\fldrslt Download FAQ}} - 
\b Info on downloading and installing AppleScripts
\b0 \
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/dougs.rss"}}{\fldrslt Doug's RSS Feed}} - 
\b Recent site news, script additions and updates
\b0  (add link to your news reader)\
- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/dougsupdated.rss"}}{\fldrslt 30 Most Recent RSS Feed}} - 
\b Most recent new and updated scripts
\b0  (add link to your news reader)\
\

\b Information and download link for this script is located at:
\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dougscripts.com/itunes/scripts/ss.php?sp=audiobooker"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 http://dougscripts.com/itunes/scripts/ss.php?sp=audiobooker}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 Version History:\
\
v1.0 apr 7 2003\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
\cf4 - initial release\
\
this doc last updated November 22 06\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \

\b If you have any trouble with this script, please email me. Please note, however, that I amnot its author.
\b0 \
My name is Doug Adams\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:dougscripts@mac.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 dougscripts@mac.com}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 This software is released "as-is". By using it or modifying it you agree that its author cannot be held responsible or liable for any tragedies resulting thereof.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the 
\b GNU General Public License
\b0  as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
Get a copy of the GNU General Public License by writing to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.\
\
or visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html}}
\f1\i\fs18 \cf3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs20 \cf0 AppleScript, iTunes, and iPod are registered trademarks of {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com"}}{\fldrslt Apple Computer}}, Inc.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li180\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
}